# My_Languages_exchange
This is a global language exchange social network
My language Exchange https://github.com/Garrett-Productions/My_languages_exchange Text description of Project and feature list. MVP - This projects utiziles all CRUD foundations - This project will include lots of CSS and basic JS coming from Bootstraps library imports in the near future, with it being a continuous work in progress. This is a platform where a person can go and create an account within a social networking platform, in the form of a “language Exchange.” They create a profile, including uploading a photo, creating a bio, adding their personal language skills and goals and contact info. They can keep track of their own progress and they can connect with the other users within the platform via a direct messaging system. You can view all users languages in the community page and reach out individually and speerately view all their posts via an all_posts page. The all_posts page users can share individual posts, links to videos, resources, or simply introduce themselves. Product Backlog - *I'm working to add Zoom API accessibility to do one on one video calls and group calls directly on the platform. - I want to create a completed goals page where you can see all that you've already accomplished - I want to create links to different language learning platforms like italk.com or verbling.com and utilize an API to pull in these websites resources and links to language teachers. On each profile page I want to create a “file upload” spot where you can upload for example, teaching certificates you've earned, foreign language cert's you've earned, to further "buff up" your bio... for ex) DELE B2 for Spanish. Ex) International ESL certificate - 
